# Messages for Bosnian (bosanski)
# Exported from translatewiki.net
# Author: DzWiki
# Author: Edinwiki

ui.main.file=Datoteka
ui.main.openFile=Otvori datoteku…
ui.main.browseLibrary=Pregledaj biblioteku
ui.main.lastOpen=Nedavno otvoreno…
ui.main.saveFile=Sačuvaj stranicu kao…
ui.main.print=Štampaj
ui.main.printPdf=Štampaj kao PDF
ui.main.quit=Izađi
ui.main.edit=Uredi
ui.main.find=Pretraži stranicu…
ui.main.selectall=Odaberite sve
ui.main.copy=Kopiraj
ui.main.mute=Isključi zvuk
ui.main.audible=Zvučno
ui.main.transliteration=Preslovljavanje
# Fuzzy
ui.main.preferences=Postavke
ui.main.display=Prikaz
ui.main.zoom=Uvećaj
ui.main.zoomin=Povećaj
ui.main.zoomout=Umanji
ui.main.zoomorig=Izvorna veličina
ui.main.language=Jezik
ui.main.skin=Izgled
ui.main.statusbar=Statusna traka
ui.main.resultsbar=Traka sa rezultatima
ui.main.tabs=Jezičci
ui.main.fullscreen=Puni ekran
ui.main.tools=Alati
ui.main.randomArticle=Slučajni članak
ui.main.checkIntegrity=Provjera integriteta
ui.main.purgeHistory=Pročisti historiju
ui.main.help=Pomoć
ui.main.feedback=Povratna informacija
ui.main.reportabug=Prijavi grešku
ui.main.back=Nazad
ui.main.forward=Naprijed
ui.main.home=Početna
ui.main.search=Traži
ui.main.results.title=Rezultati pretrage
ui.main.close=Zatvori
ui.main.library.myLibrary=Moja biblioteka
ui.main.library.sortBy.title=Naslov
ui.main.library.sortBy.size=Veličina
ui.main.library.sortBy.date=Datum
ui.main.library.sortBy.author=Autor
ui.main.library.sortBy.publisher=Izdavač
ui.main.library.filterBy.language=Jezik
ui.main.library.filterBy.author=Autor
ui.preferences.save=Sačuvaj
ui.preferences.cancel=Odustani
ui.messages.confirm=Potvrdi
ui.messages.no=ne
ui.messages.yes=da
ui.messages.ok=U redu
ui.messages.cancel=Odustani
ui.messages.error=Greška
ui.messages.information=Informacija
