# Messages for Silesian (ślůnski)
# Exported from translatewiki.net
# Author: Krol111
# Author: Przemub

ui.main.osxservices=Usługi
ui.main.osxhideapp=Ukryj &brand.brandShortName;
ui.main.osxhideothers=Ukryj inksze
ui.main.osxshowall=Ukŏż wszyjske
ui.main.file=Plik
ui.main.openFile=Ôdewrzij plik...
ui.main.lastOpen=Ôdewrzite niydŏwno...
ui.main.saveFile=Spamiyntej zajtã ako...
ui.main.print=Tisk
ui.main.printPdf=Tisk dŏ PDF
ui.main.quit=Zamknij
ui.main.edit=Sprowjej
ui.main.find=Sznupej w zajcie...
ui.main.selectall=Wybierz wszyjskie
ui.main.copy=Kopiyruj
ui.main.mute=Wycisz
# Fuzzy
ui.main.audible=Dźwiynkowy
ui.main.transliteration=Transliteracyjŏ
ui.main.preferences=Preferyncyje
ui.main.server=Serwer
ui.main.display=Ôbrŏz
ui.main.zoom=Zoom
ui.main.zoomin=Zwiynksz
ui.main.zoomout=Zmniysz
# Fuzzy
ui.main.zoomorig=Oryginalny rozmiar
ui.main.language=Godka
ui.main.skin=Ôblyczynie
ui.main.statusbar=Bar statusa
ui.main.resultsbar=Bar wynikōw
ui.main.tabs=Taby
ui.main.fullscreen=Pōłny ekran
ui.main.tools=Werkcojgi
ui.main.randomArticle=Cufalnŏ zajta
ui.main.purgeHistory=Pucuj gyszichta
ui.main.help=Pōmoc
ui.main.feedback=Feedback
ui.main.reportabug=Poślij bug
ui.messages.quitFullscreen=Wylyź ze połnygo ekranu
android.ui.button_backtotop=Nazod na gůra
android.ui.pref_backtotop=Nazod na gůra
